Extract UUID in trigger new message Microsoft Teams plugin (#649)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: microsoft_teams/help.md

# Version History

> * 2.2.1 - Add extract UUID in the New Message Received trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.2.1 - Automatically extract UUIDs in the New Message Received trigger
```
